February 2025 cookie update (#4555)
DFE-Digital/get-into-teaching-app: app/views/pages/cookies.md

title: Cookies Policy
---

> Last updated: 05 February 2025

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Last updated: 6 February 2025
```

| `FPLC`                            | Registers a unique ID that is used to generate statistical data on how the visitor uses the website                                                         | 1 day                |
| `FPID`                            | This cookie is used to recognise visitors                                                                                                                   | 13 months            |
| `dax_listenerid`                  | This cookie name is associated with Global Dax and is used for campaign monitoring, reporting and optimisation when running digital audio activity          | 540 days             |

> | `receive-cookie-deprecation `     | Used by Google to track user activity across sites for advertising, analytics    | 6 months            |

Reviewer: Is this really an essential cookie? I would have thought it is a marketing cookie

|----------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|---------------|
| `_pin_unauth`        | Used by Pinterest to collect information about how their visitors interact with the pages on the website to track the efficiency                                | 1 year        |
| `sc_at`              | Used by Snapchat to deliver more relevant and meaningful adverts. Also used to track the efficiency                                                             | 12 months     |

> | `_ar_bug`              |This cookie is used by Pintrest and DoubleClick to debug ads    | 1 month     |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `_ar_debug`              |This cookie is used by Pinterest and DoubleClick to debug ads    | 1 month     |
```

Reviewer: Wouldn't this be a marketing cookie?
